NAVAND-875: cancel reroute request when the user returns to the route (#6614)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
#### Features
#### Bug fixes and improvements

> - Started cancelling reroute request when the user returns to the route. [#6614](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6614)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed rerouting: interrupt reroute request if the puck returns to the route. [#6614](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6614)
```

Author: IMO it's not a fix, it's an optimization.

Reviewer: `Changed rerouting: ...`?

Author: Changed to "optimized".
